Now, I'm moving into the fallopian tube of the uterus, I was there,
I did all that stuff and I'm slowly reaching around the 4th-5th day now,
and around the 6th day I arrive in the uterus.
And there, I've grown, I still have my nurse cells, but now I'm a bit...
Now we have to go look for what, what do I need? I need my mother's warmth.
So I'm going to implant myself in the...
warm zone. That's why we generally implant ourselves rather in the anterior part,
close. The bladder side, everything would be warmer. I'm
going to look for
where the mucous membrane is. What did she do? She's super welcoming. She
swelled up, she created lots of glands, she put lots of blood
so that it
would be nice and warm, she's quite... The zygote arrives.
In the uterus, it's there, and what do I need?
I need warmth, I need sugar, electrolytic activity,
I need a future start of oxygen,
and we will do the moment of implantation after the pot.